README.md, before:

# Solar Tic Tac Toe

## Contributor(s)
[Igor Decess](https://github.com/userigorgithub)

## Technologies Used
- Github open source version control software: [Website](https://github.com/)
- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Atom
- Chrome Dev Tools

## Overview
Tic Tac Toe was the project to gain better understanding in writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code and their interaction between each other. It utilizes classes and data model/DOM interaction. Access it by clicking [HERE!](https://userigorgithub.github.io/tic-tac-toe/)

## Feature(s)
- Play classic themed Tic Tac Toe!

## Installation Instructions
1. Clone this repository into your terminal
2. `cd` into the directory
3. Run `open index.html` to see it in the browser

## User Instructions
1. This is the main page of the application.

<img width="825" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-18 at 9 51 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87003746/150066571-f8159889-8fa6-4ffb-a53d-d6bfb86bb60e.png">

2. Click on one of nine boxes to start playing as player 1, then click on one of remaining boxes to start playing as player 2.
3. Getting three boxes with your tokens horizontally, vertically, or diagonally will win the game!
Note: But be careful not to allow other player succeed first!
4. Win adds to the player's wins and game restarts automatically.

<img width="822" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-18 at 9 52 03 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87003746/150066493-e5a1b0ba-47b5-4757-9da6-6df08267e463.png">

5. If no player succeeds in getting three tokens horizontally, vertically, or diagonally, game is a draw.
6. No wins are added and game restarts automatically.

<img width="824" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-18 at 9 52 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87003746/150066614-0b77f4be-1985-4449-933d-1ab4085cfbd3.png">

7. Enjoy the game!

## Project Specs
Project specs and rubric can be found [HERE!](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/tic-tac-toe-solo.html)

Commit message:

Add Table of Contents and update Contributor(s)

README.md, after:

# Solar Tic Tac Toe
Experience an epic game of tic tac toe for planet domination!

## Table of Contents
- [Contributor(s)](#contributor(s))
- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()

## Contributor(s)
Front-End Developer: [Igor Decess](https://github.com/userigorgithub)

## Technologies Used
- Github open source version control software: [Website](https://github.com/)
- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
- Atom
- Chrome Dev Tools

## Overview
Tic Tac Toe was the project to gain better understanding in writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code and their interaction between each other. It utilizes classes and data model/DOM interaction. Access it by clicking [HERE!](https://userigorgithub.github.io/tic-tac-toe/)

## Feature(s)
- Play classic themed Tic Tac Toe!

## Installation Instructions
1. Clone this repository into your terminal
2. `cd` into the directory
3. Run `open index.html` to see it in the browser

## User Instructions
1. This is the main page of the application.

<img width="825" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-18 at 9 51 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87003746/150066571-f8159889-8fa6-4ffb-a53d-d6bfb86bb60e.png">

2. Click on one of nine boxes to start playing as player 1, then click on one of remaining boxes to start playing as player 2.
3. Getting three boxes with your tokens horizontally, vertically, or diagonally will win the game!
Note: But be careful not to allow other player succeed first!
4. Win adds to the player's wins and game restarts automatically.

<img width="822" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-18 at 9 52 03 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87003746/150066493-e5a1b0ba-47b5-4757-9da6-6df08267e463.png">

5. If no player succeeds in getting three tokens horizontally, vertically, or diagonally, game is a draw.
6. No wins are added and game restarts automatically.

<img width="824" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-18 at 9 52 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87003746/150066614-0b77f4be-1985-4449-933d-1ab4085cfbd3.png">

7. Enjoy the game!

## Project Specs
Project specs and rubric can be found [HERE!](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/tic-tac-toe-solo.html)
